New Laptop handoff:
	Before we need to inform the user to upload/ sync their OneDrive. If they are not using a cloud serviece for documents provide external storage.
	This process is for laptops that have already been configured with default company apps.

Change computer name and place in correct OU in AD

Add to the domain:
	[Settings > system > Domain or workgroup > change > Domain: 	[domain] > domain admin usrname / password > restart]

Set user as a local admin: (if they are a select superuser)
	[computer management > Local Users and Groups > Groups]

Are there any special apps needed? 

Have user login to: Office apps, OneDrive, Teams
		"login to all apps"

Test vpn connection so IP address is saved: <vpn address>

copy over VPN ip address doc.


Export Chrome Bookmark:
		On your computer, open Chrome.
		At the top right, select More More and then Bookmarks and lists and then Bookmark Manager.
		At the top, select More More and then Export Bookmarks.
Inport Chrome Bookmarks:
		On your computer, open Chrome.
		At the top right, select More More and then Bookmarks and lists and then Import bookmarks and settings.
		Select Choose file.
		Choose a file and select Open and then Done.

Export Chrome PW:
		On your computer, open Chrome.
		At the top right, select More More and then Passwords and autofill.
		Select Google Password Manager and then Settings.
		Scroll to “Export passwords.”
		Select Download file.

Import Chrome PW:
		On your computer, open Chrome.
		At the top right, select More More and then Passwords and autofill and then Google Password Manager and then Settings.
		Under "Import passwords," click Select file.
		Choose the .csv file you want to import.
		To complete your import, follow the on-screen instructions.

Import Edge Favorites:
		Open Microsoft Edge and select Settings and more  > Settings.
		Screenshot of Edge toolbar
		In the Profiles settings, select Import browser data.
		Under Other import locations, select the Import button next to Import browser data now.
		In the Import from list, select Favorites or bookmarks HTML file.
		Select Choose file and find the file you created when you exported favorites from another browser.
		Select the file you want to use and select Open.
		When the import is complete, you'll see a notification. Select Done.

Export Edge Favorites:
		In your Microsoft Edge browser, open the Settings and more menu by selecting … in the upper-right corner of the window.
		Navigate to Favorites.
		Open the More options menu by selecting … above the list of favorited websites.
		Select Export favorites.
		Indicate a saving location, give the file a name you’ll remember, and choose Save.
		
Export Edge PW: 
		Within your Microsoft Edge browser, open Settings.
		Navigate to Profiles > Passwords.
		Select the ellipses (…) next to Passwords.
		Select Export passwords.
		You’ll be prompted to choose a location to save your list of passwords. Once you’ve made your selection, select Save.

Import Edge PW: 
		Open Microsoft Edge and select Settings and more  > Settings.
		Screenshot of Edge toolbar
		In the Profiles settings, select Import browser data.​​​​​​​
		Go to Other import locations and select the Import button nextto Import passwords now.
		In the Import from menu, select Passwords CSV file.
		Select Choose file and find the file you created when you exported from another browser.
		Select the file you want to use and select Open.
		When the import is complete, you'll see a notification. Select Done.





